c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\App.dll.config
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\App.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\App.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\obj\Debug\App.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\obj\Debug\App.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\obj\Debug\App.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\App.BLL.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\App.Common.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\App.Entities.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\App.BLL.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\App.Common.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\App.Entities.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\App.DAl.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\App\bin\App.DAl.pdb
